6/18/20 Agenda

Welcome Brian!
* Taking over for Dan Lopez
* Org committee basics (Slack, agenda, to-do list, email to group)
* Concerns?

Inclusion/Diversity:
* Spoke to Nonye Madu (CHOP), Mahmud Iqbal (CHOP) and Danielle Smalls-Perkins (MiR - check this link) to discuss ways in which R/Medicine can do things that are useful for promoting equity and more specifically, broaden participation of underrepresented minority groups at R/Medicine. Working on partnership with MiR, more TBA.
* Need stats about diversity among participants

Review numbers:
* Registrations
* Diversity
* Abstracts
* Revenue
* bit.ly click throughs

Platform:
* Current thinking is Zoom and Crowdcast, need to plan dry run urgently.
* Need to discuss the user experience for registrants
* Need to understand how registrations will be transferred from cvent -> platform. Contacted Jacynh (LF) about this, no response yet.

Outreach:
* Review Outreach List
* This week’s tweet: Robert Gentleman? Also mention deadline for abstract submissions.
* Reach out to your networks

Program:
* Themes: R in Clinical Practice; R in Clinical Research; R in Public Health and Health Disparities; Clinical Data Viz and Dashboards; New Analysis Approaches and Packages; Collaborative Clinical Research with R?
* Start filling program with accepted abstracts
* Need list of participants so we can target invites to people who have already registered

Web site

Sponsorships/Partnerships:
* Stephan spoke to Procogia about promotion and sponsorship. They are interested in paying for our platform. Not sure if this is useful?
* AMIA and Clinical Informatics fellows and directors - Mara to explore how we can promote.
* MSACL - organizing a panel discussion 07/01 with Stephan, Joe, and Mike attending. Stephan will provide a list of questions to discuss. Stephan got Dan Holmes from MSACL to speak, need to follow up re: abstract.
* AACC - agreed to endorse R/Medicine, sent MOU, R/consortium lawyers to review
* Novartis - sponsorship letter sent.

----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone: 
* Reach out to your networks and remind everyone of the 6/24 abstract deadline!

Joe/Brian: 
* Connect us with Colleen/Events team to scope out a platform and discuss how LF could support the event.
* Figure out how to transfer R consortium funding for R/Medicine into our account
* Mechanism of access to funds? (e.g., Reimbursement for personal expenses? Invoices to LF from vendors?)
* Grant access to CFP dashboard to Stephan, Peter, Denise, Steve
* Share list of registrants with Stephan and Beth so we can send targeted requests for proposals to people who have already registered.
* We would like to know how many registrants self-identify as an underrepresented minority in tech. This is captured in the optional question “Aside from gender, if you identify with an underrepresented minority group in technology, please indicate that group below.” Can you include this field in the list of registrants?
* Ask LF lawyers review the memo/contract from AACC

Mike:
* Reach out to registrants from past 2 years and ask them to spread the word about the conference and the conference deadline

Stephan:
* Compose a list of discussion questions for MSACL
* Follow up with Procogia
* Tweet / FB / LI - Robert Gentleman. 
* On Monday - tweet that we’re extending submission

Beth:
* Review submitted abstracts
* Once we have a list of registered attendees - review and see if there are folks we would like to invite to submit an abstract