6/24/20 Agenda

Inclusion/Diversity:

* Received proposal from MiR (Danielle Smalls, Dorris Scott). - they plan to share a coupon code ($10, same as student pricing) to MiR community and social platforms. They also want to host a BoF session at the conference. Offered to have a call to clarify. Question: plan with broadly sharing $10 coupon for everyone OK? Time limit? 07/01 - 07/14? Or better have dedicated “diversity scholarships”? Is someone going to get upset because they registered earlier? Are people going to expect a $10 coupon to come around and wait for that to register?
* Stephan/Mara have reached out to Claudia Vitolo (R consortium / R-Ladies) and Samantha Toet (R consortium Diversity/Inclusion), setting up calls.
* Need stats about diversity among participants

Review numbers:

* Registrations
* Diversity
* Abstracts
* Revenue
* bit.ly click throughs

Platform:

* Discussed platforms with Colleen Mickey (LF) today. LF has experience with virtual events, can support the event on the backend and moderate during the event. They have experience with several platforms and recommend 5, of which 2 have functionality we want and are potentially financially viable (Hopin, Meetingplay). Both provide integrated user experience, sponsor rooms and breakout rooms, and integrate with Zoom. Colleen will send budget and demos.

Program:

* Need to extend abstract deadline to 7/1 - changes in CFP required?
* Start filling program with accepted abstracts

Outreach:

* This week’s tweet: MSACL? Also mention new deadline for abstract submissions.
* Reach out to your networks

Web site:

* Changes needed for new abstract deadline 7/1

Sponsorships/Partnerships:

* R consortium - sponsorship for R/Medicine?
* Stephan spoke to Procogia about promotion and sponsorship. They are interested in paying for our platform. Will forward them our Hopin budget.
* AMIA and Clinical Informatics fellows and directors - Mara started outreach
* MSACL - organizing a panel discussion 07/01 with Stephan, Joe, and Mike attending. Stephan will provide a list of questions to discuss. Stephan got Dan Holmes from MSACL to speak, need to follow up re: abstract.
* AACC - agreed to endorse R/Medicine, sent MOU, R/consortium lawyers reviewing
* Novartis - sponsorship letter sent, waiting for response

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Everyone: 

* Reach out to your networks and remind everyone of the new 7/1 abstract deadline!

Joe/Brian: 

* Create $10 (total reg fee) and 20% off coupon codes, both valid from 7/1 through 7/14.
* Create $0 reg codes for org cmt, workshop instructors/TAs, and keynote speakers
* Questions about Hopin platform: PPTs supported (it appears so, but not in full screen mode)? Can we do speaker panels? If so, max # speakers on stage at the same time?
* Create a sponsorship template
* (Colleen) - create budget for Hopin vs Meetingplay; circulate pre-recorded Hopin demo.
* Update web site and CFP site to state new abstract deadline of 7/1 (accept abstracts thru 7/2) :white_check_mark:
* Check with the Marketing team on R/Medicine sponsorship funds
* Follow up with Procogia re: paying for platform
* We would like to know how many registrants self-identify as an underrepresented minority in tech. This is captured in the optional question “Aside from gender, if you identify with an underrepresented minority group in technology, please indicate that group below.” Can you include this field in the list of registrants?
* Ask LF lawyers review the memo/contract from AACC 

Mike:

* Reach out to registrants from past 2 years and ask them to spread the word about the conference and the conference deadline

Stephan:

* Share a list of discussion questions for MSACL: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1z84aMoAjOeV1JcDvLbEDDqJfv44AeVzdC6db-ssqHu0/edit?usp=sharing 
* Tweet / FB / LI - MSACL panel. Also: extended abstract deadline 
* Follow up with MiR - don’t share code broadly please
* Reach out to MSACL panelists - please add discussion questions
* Follow up with Novartis - new contact, updates?

Mara:

* Set up calls with Samantha (R consortium) and Claudia (R Ladies) re: diversity/inclusion
* AMIA / Clinical Informatics outreach

Beth:

* Review submitted abstracts, start filling program
* Review list of registered participants and see if there are folks we would like to invite to submit an abstract